---
layout: post
title: 听见x第七周(201907w)
categories:
- Voice
---
听见不一样的声音, 感受, 体会这个世界.

## 不可少的只有一件

> You are not powerless. You have the immense privilege of having been given ‘the keys of the kingdom’. ‘I will give you the keys of the kingdom of heaven; whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be loosed in heaven’ (Matthew 16:19).

我们都是上帝的杰作. 

> 酒能使人亵慢，浓酒使人喧嚷；凡因酒错误的，就无智慧。......懒惰人因冬寒不肯耕种，到收割的时候，他必讨饭而无所得。 (箴言 20:1,4 和合本) 

远离酒精.

> In a media-saturated age we have many voices that come to us on TV, radio, the Internet, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, email and text message. We have the voices of family, friends and colleagues. And sometimes we have the voice of Satan tempting us to disbelieve God’s word and to doubt that God has our best interests at heart. 

放下手机, 认真生活.

## Listen to God

Proverbs 3:1-10 

> Listen to God’s voice in the Scriptures The main way in which God speaks to us is through what he has already spoken in the Scriptures – his ‘teaching’ and ‘commands’ (v.1). As you read the Bible, pray that God will speak to you and that you will hear his voice. 

> ‘Don’t try to figure out everything on your own. Listen for God’s voice in everything you do, everywhere you go; he’s the one who will keep you on track’ (vv.5–6, MSG). 

> Learning verses in the Bible is one of the ways you can write God’s word on the ‘tablet of your heart’ (v.3). Pippa and I learnt these verses on our honeymoon and have tried to live by them. 

> - 1 Be guided by ‘Love and Loyalty’ 
> - 2 These should be our guiding principles in every decision we take. ‘Love and Loyalty’ (v.3, MSG) should be deeply embedded in our hearts. Loyalty means, for example, speaking about others as if they were present. We establish trust in those who are present by our loyalty to those who are not present. If you live like this, God promises you a good reputation ‘in God’s eyes and the eyes of the people’ (v.4, MSG). 
> - 3 Run to God! Run from evil! 
> - 4 We are to trust in God rather than becoming arrogant and thinking that we are clever. Fear of God, in the sense of healthy respect for him, should lead us to ‘Run to God! Run from evil!’ (v.7, MSG). God promises that ‘this will bring health to your body and nourishment to your bones’ (v.8). In other words, there is a connection between the spiritual and the physical. 
> - 5 Become a generous giver 
> - 6 It really matters what you do with your money. Give God ‘the first and the best’ (v.9, MSG) (that is, the first part of your income not the last). I have found this to be an extraordinary principle; that if you get your giving right, you discover the truth of the promise that God will supply all your needs: ‘your barns will be filled to overflowing, and your vats will brim over with new wine’ (v.10). 

> Lord, help me not just to read your words, but to learn them, live by them and to bring honour to your name. ‘Trust in the Lord with all your heart… In all your ways submit to him’ (Proverbs 3:5–6).

以上英文内容来自: Bible in One Year 2019 Devotional 

## ChangeLog

2019-02-16 init & mod
