---
layout: post
title: 听见x第拾七周(201917w)
categories:
- Voice
---
目录
* any list
{:toc}
> 一个人永远也不要发誓坚决不干某件事情，还有世界上也不存在什么即使聪明人也不能享受的奢华。@大癫狂 

## One Thing

Life is fleeting (v.4). Our lives are ‘but a breath’ (v. 5). Fear often concerns money: ‘Human beings… bustle about, but only in vain; they heap up wealth, not knowing who will get it’ (v.6). 

Life is too short to worry about stupid things. Pray. Trust God. Enjoy life. Don’t let the little things get you down. 

Mary had her priorities right. She ‘sat at the Lord’s feet, listening to what he said’ (v.39). She realised that, although there were many distractions and worries around, there was nothing more important than simply sitting at Jesus’ feet and listening to him. This should be your number one priority. 

If you use what God has given you wisely, he blesses you by giving you more responsibility. 

Luke 12:22 ‘Do not worry about your life, what you will eat; or about your body, what you will wear.’ It is so easy to obsess about body shape, image, health and nutrition. I must admit that when thinking about an upcoming event, the first thing that comes to mind is – what am I going to wear?! 

“He will say to them: "Listen, Israel: Right now you are advancing to wage war against your enemies. Don’t be discouraged! Don’t be afraid! Don’t panic! Don’t shake in fear on account of them, because the LORD your God is going with you to fight your enemies for you and to save you."” ‭‭Deuteronomy‬ ‭20:3-4‬ ‭CEB‬‬ https://www.bible.com/37/deu.20.3-4.ceb 

In order to do the work of God, you and I have to value the God given differences among us and the way we are uniquely shaped. Here’s how you know when you’ve accepted someone: You stop insisting that they be just like you. You realize and rejoice in the fact that they’re different. The truth of the matter is, the world would be a boring place if everyone were just like you. So God has made us in all different kinds of ways to do all different kinds of things so everything can get done in this world. 

You may have given your life to Jesus, but have you allowed him to possess every aspect of how you live – your finances, work, prayer life, friends and family. In my experience this is a lifetime task. 

It is surprising to read that Jesus did not immediately trust these people – especially when we read that love ‘always trusts’ (1 Corinthians 13:7). Jesus is realistic about human nature. We tend to look for the perfect spouse, perfect parents, perfect children, perfect friends, perfect leaders and the perfect church. But these don’t exist. All of us are flawed human beings. 

> Confrontation is not always the right course. Not every critic has to be confronted. Not every wrong statement needs to be refuted. 

## Humanity

> A plaque at Auschwitz Concentration Camp reads, ‘The one who does not remember history is bound to live through it again’ (George Santayana). 

> 我们私下里聊起我们的未来时，我会问马克，他是不是真的认为我们有机会成功。他说，我们当然有机会，而且无论如何，就算是失败了也没关系。在他看来，我们已经成功了，因为我们在做一件很艰难的事，对我们来说这才是最重要的。你不能用“成功”或“失败”这样的词来衡量这样的事情，他说。我们的满足感来源于尝试一件又一件艰难的事情，不计结果如何。最重要的是，你是否在向着你认为正确的方向前行。他的话听起来非常可疑。 <耕种 食物 爱情>

## ChangeLog

```
@Jeremy Anifacc
2019-06-08 init
```
