---
layout: post
title: 阅读志:巴菲特论回购之益
categories:
- Buffett
---
巴菲特在1984年讲述回购的益处, 一个显而易见, 一个隐藏其中的益处.

## Benifits of Repurchase 

The companies in which we have our largest investments have 
all engaged in significant stock repurchases at times when wide 
discrepancies existed between price and value.  As shareholders, 
we find this encouraging and rewarding for two important reasons 
- one that is obvious, and one that is subtle and not always 
understood.  The obvious point involves basic arithmetic: major 
repurchases at prices well below per-share intrinsic business 
value immediately increase, in a highly significant way, that 
value.  When companies purchase their own stock, they often find 
it easy to get $2 of present value for $1.  Corporate acquisition 
programs almost never do as well and, in a discouragingly large 
number of cases, fail to get anything close to $1 of value for 
each $1 expended.

The other benefit of repurchases is less subject to precise 
measurement but can be fully as important over time.  By making 
repurchases when a company’s market value is well below its 
business value, management clearly demonstrates that it is given 
to actions that enhance the wealth of shareholders, rather than 
to actions that expand management’s domain but that do nothing 
for (or even harm) shareholders.  Seeing this, shareholders and 
potential shareholders increase their estimates of future returns 
from the business.  This upward revision, in turn, produces 
market prices more in line with intrinsic business value.  These 
prices are entirely rational.  Investors should pay more for a 
business that is lodged in the hands of a manager with 
demonstrated pro-shareholder leanings than for one in the hands 
of a self-interested manager marching to a different drummer. (To 
make the point extreme, how much would you pay to be a minority 
shareholder of a company controlled by Robert Wesco?)

The key word is “demonstrated". A manager who consistently 
turns his back on repurchases, when these clearly are in the 
interests of owners, reveals more than he knows of his 
motivations.  No matter how often or how eloquently he mouths 
some public relations-inspired phrase such as “maximizing 
shareholder wealth" (this season’s favorite), the market 
correctly discounts assets lodged with him.  His heart is not 
listening to his mouth - and, after a while, neither will the 
market.

We have prospered in a very major way - as have other 
shareholders - by the large share repurchases of GEICO, 
Washington Post, and General Foods, our three largest holdings. 
(Exxon, in which we have our fourth largest holding, has also 
wisely and aggressively repurchased shares but, in this case, we 
have only recently established our position.) In each of these 
companies, shareholders have had their interests in outstanding 
businesses materially enhanced by repurchases made at bargain 
prices.  We feel very comfortable owning interests in businesses 
such as these that offer **excellent economics combined with 
shareholder-conscious managements.**

> 第一点很明显，是一个简单的数学问题，透过买回公司的股票，等于只要花一块钱的代价便能够获得两块钱的价值的，所以每股的内含价值可大大的提高，这比花大钱去购并别人的公司的效果要好得多。

> 第二点较不明显，且没有什么人知道，实际上也很难去衡量，但时间一长其效果越明显，那就是管理当局可透过买回自家的股票来对外宣示其重视股东权益的心而非一昧的要扩张个人经营事业的版图，因为后者往往不但对股东没有帮助，甚至反而有害股东的利益。如此一来，原有的股东与有兴趣的投资人将会对公司的前景更具信心，而股价便会向上反应而与其本身的价值更为接近。

> 相对地那一些成天把维护股东权益的口号挂在嘴边，却对买回自家股票的建议置之不理的人，很难说服大家他不是口是心非，久而久之，他便会被市场投资人所离弃。第一点很明显，是一个简单的数学问题，透过买回公司的股票，等于只要花一块钱的代价便能够获得两块钱的价值的，所以每股的内含价值可大大的提高，这比花大钱去购并别人的公司的效果要好得多。


## 参考

- [Chairman's Letter - 1984](http://www.berkshirehathaway.com/letters/1984.html)
- [1984](http://blog.sina.com.cn/s/blog_4462623d0102e1ng.html) 


## log

```
@Jeremy Anifacc
2019-01-12
```
