---
layout: post
title: 听见x第拾一周(201911w) 
categories:
- Voice
---
**Happiness comes from spiritual wealth, not material wealth. @John M Templeton**

## 不可少的事只有一件

> “The Holy Spirit, God’s gift, does not want you to be afraid of people but to be wise and strong and to love them and enjoy being with them” (2 Timothy 1:7 TLB).@Bible 

> 懒惰人羡慕，却无所得；殷勤人必得丰裕。 (箴言13:4 和合本)@Bible 

> 温良的舌是生命树；乖谬的嘴使人心碎。 (箴言15:4 和合本)@Bible

John M Templeton, Golden Nuggets from Sir John Templeton

> > Thanksgiving
> 
> - Thanksgiving opens the door to spiritual growth.
> - By giving you grow. 
> - Thanksgiving leads to having more to give thanks for.  
> - Thanksgiving, not complaining, attracts people to you.
> - Thanksgiving leads to giving and forgiving, and to spiritual growth.
> - An attitude of gratitude creates blessings.
> - Count your blessings and you will have an attitude of gratitude.

> > Forgiveness & Prayer
> 
> - Forgiveness benefits both the giver and the receiver.
> - To be forgiven, you must first forgive.
> - Forgiving uplifts the forgiver.
> - You have the most powerful weapons on earth—love and prayer.
> - Through prayer you receive spiritual energy.

> > Positive Thinking
> 
> - Beautiful thoughts build a beautiful soul.
> - A measure of mental health is the disposition to find good everywhere.
> - Enthusiasm facilitates achievement.
> - Enthusiasm is contagious.
> - Expect the best and your positive outlook opens the door to opportunity.
> - You find what you look for: good or evil, problems or solutions.

> > Love
> 
> - You get back what you give out.
> - Agape given grows, agape hoarded dwindles.
> - By giving you grow.
> - The more love we give, the more love we have left.
> - Love given is love received.
> - As you are active in blessing others, they find their burdens easier to bear.
> - You cannot be lonely if you help the lonely.
> - Help yourself by helping others.
> - You are sought after if you reflect love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness,  gentleness and self-control.
> - The gifts of love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, and self -control are gifts of a humble and sincere individual and come directly from the heart.


> > Humility
> 
> - Give credit and help to all who have helped you.
> - Great heroes are humble.
> - Humility leads to prayer as well as progress and brings you in tune with the Infinite.
> - Humility opens the door to progress.
> - If you think you know it all, you are less likely to learn more.
> - It is better to praise than to criticize.
> - Our quantity of spiritual knowledge is smaller than Ptolemy’s knowledge of astronomy.
> - The unknown is not unknowable and is vastly greater than the known.

> > Happiness
> 
> - The secret of a productive life can be sought and found.
> - You can build your own heaven or hell on earth.
> - Happiness is always a by-product.
> - Happiness comes from spiritual wealth, not material wealth.
> - Happiness pursued, eludes; happiness given, returns.
> - If you do not know what you want to achieve with your life, you may not achieve much.
> - Joy provides assurance; envy brings loneliness.
> - Joy is not in things, but is in you.

> > Progress
> 
> - No one’s education is ever complete.
> - Only one thing is more powerful than learning from experience, and that is not learning from experience!
> - Progress requires change.
> - Progress depends on diligence and perseverance.
> - World progress needs entrepreneurs.
> - You choose the path you want to walk down.
> - Your dreams can come true when you activate them.
> - Focus on where you want to go, instead of where you have been.

> > Success
> 
> - Misfortune can bring blessings.
> - Those who seldom make mistakes seldom make discoveries.
> - Everyone should keep in reserve an alternate plan for livelihood.
> - Preparedness is a step to success.
> - Worry achieves nothing and wastes valuable time.
> - Destructive language tends to produce destructive results.
> - Self-control leads to success.
> - Success feeds on itself and creates more success.

> If we can learn to take responsibility for every area of our lives, we can also choose to create in our lives the direction and focus we need. One of the best ways to exhibit self-control is to know that faith, not fear; love, not hate; joy, not sorrow; peace, not tension; freedom, not bondage are the fundamentals of success.

> > Useful living
> 
> - Nothing is interesting if you are not interested.   
> - It’s nice to be important, but it’s more important to be nice.  
> - Healthy minds tend to cause healthy bodies and vice versa.   
> - Change your mind to change your life.  
> - Those who do good do well.  
> - Tithing often brings prosperity and honor.
> - You are only as good as your word.  
> - Every useful life is a ministry.

Templeton 

> “It also impressed on him that hard work and self-reliance were the keys to survival in life. “Seeming tragedy can be God’s way of educating his children,” Excerpt From: Nairn, Alasdair. “Templeton's Way With Money: Strategies and Philosophy of a Legendary Investor.” Wiley, 2012-02-07T07:16:58+00:00. Apple Books. This material may be protected by copyright.

## 投资复利

> 對於已經套牢股票，最正確的規避損失的做法就是讓時間沉澱未實現損失，讓耐心証明至少妳的資金配置是對了。@老农夫博客

Sir John Templeton:

>  “One of his key insights was to realize that valuing a stock by reference to the price-earnings ratio today is far too simplistic. He would say: “Oh no, we don’t want to look at what the P/E is today. We want to look at what the P/E will be in five years. Let’s look at the future, not at the past.” His approach was really growth and value.” Excerpt From: Nairn, Alasdair. “Templeton's Way With Money: Strategies and Philosophy of a Legendary Investor.” Wiley, 2012-02-07T07:16:58+00:00. Apple Books. This material may be protected by copyright.

## 心智探奇

挂钩心理：

> 一般人做決策的時候，會習慣參考某個事情，不管這個事情與該決策是否真的相關，這種叫做「掛鈎心理」。@老农夫博客

## 人性弱点

> 下面这个关于人际交往的建议值得我们所有人谨记在心：“如果成功有诀窍的话，”亨利·福特如是说，“这个诀窍就在于洞悉他人的立场，并能够同时兼顾自己和他人的立场。”@人性的弱点

## ChangeLog

```
2019-03-10 init
2019-03-16 Done
```
